It looks like my Kubernetes cluster right here is still being created, but there's a little bit of
setup that we can do.
In the meantime, I want to give you a quick reminder that right now, if we open up our terminal,
we can run cubes, it'll get pods.
And when we do so, we're going to see some information about the cluster on our local machine.
So now here's something interesting.
How do we somehow connect to the cluster that we just created in Google Cloud?
Well, to access different clusters, we're always going to end up using the same cube CTL command.
Behind the scenes, there are some configuration options that are being applied to Cube CTL.
When we change those configuration options, it's going to change which cluster we are connecting to.
Let me show you a diagram just to help you understand.
All right.
So quick diagram right here.
So on our local machine, we are currently running Cube CTL.
Behind the scenes, Cube CTL uses something called context.
Contacts can be thought of essentially as some different connection settings.
They list out some authorization credentials, some users, some IP addresses, a lot of different information
to tell Cube, CTL how to connect that to different clusters that exist in the world.
Right now, we are connecting to our local cluster through a context that was created when we first
installed Docker for Windows or Docker for Mac on your machine.
As a matter of fact, if you go to your Docker icon right now and then mouse over Kubernetes, you'll
see something that says context right there.
And our current context is Docker Dash Desktop.
So this context right here has some connection settings inside of it to tell us how to connect to our
local cluster.
We need to add in a second context, a new context that's going to tell CTL how to connect to the cluster
that we just created in Google Cloud.
There's two ways we can do this.
We can either use the Google Cloud dashboard over here and go through a series of different menus to
find some little config that we would copy paste into a file on our local machine.
That would be one way to add the context.
Another way that is a lot easier is to instead install a tool called the Google Cloud SDK.
This is a command line tool that we can use to interface with Google Cloud automatically.
The Google Cloud SDK does a ton of different things, but one thing that it does for us is create these
different contexts for us automatically and update on our local machine and teach it how to connect
to the clusters that we are creating in Google Cloud.
So we are now going to install this Google Cloud SDK and it's going to automatically manage these context
things for us to install the Google Cloud SDK.
We're going to go to the address you see right here on the screen.
Now, these URLs, of course, break every now and then.
So if you try to go to this address and it doesn't work, all you have to do is do a quick Google search
for Google Cloud SDK and you'll see a link come up for it right away.
So I'm going to take that URL and visit it inside of a new tab.
All then be prompted here with installation directions for a variety of different operating systems.
So as you guess, just go ahead and select your appropriate operating system.
And it will show you some installation directions.
Now, in every case, there's going to be kind of a series of different installation paths in here.
So you'll see one that says something like Before you begin.
And those will be some steps to do initially.
And then eventually it'll have something about initialize the SDK.
You do not have to initialize the SDK just yet.
You and I are going to do that together in the next video.
So all you have to do is go through the process of installing the Sdhc and then going through any additional
steps that it recommends, such as this optional one right here to get access to the cloud sdhc very
easily through your terminal.
Again, you do not want to run the g cloud init command.
We're going to do that together in just a moment.
All right.
So go ahead and install this thing.
We'll come back in the next video and we'll go to that initialization process together.